updates to train to teach non-uk page (#4450)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/train-to-teach-in-england-as-an-international-student.md

If you do not want to come to England to study, you can [gain international qualified teacher status (iQTS)](/non-uk-teachers/international-qualified-teacher-status) where you live or work, with no need to visit the UK. If you get iQTS, you automatically get QTS.  

If you're already a qualified teacher, find out how you can [teach in England if you completed your teacher training outside the UK](/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas).

## Check your eligibility and get support with qualifications

Before you apply, you must [check your eligibility to train to teach in England](/non-uk-teachers/non-uk-qualifications).  

To train to teach in England, you'll need qualifications equivalent to: 

* GCSEs at grade 4 (C) or above in English and maths (and science if you want to teach primary) 

* a bachelor's degree in any subject 

If you’re unsure about your qualifications or eligibility, you can [get help and support online or over the phone](/help-and-support). 

## Find out about fees and financial support

Teacher training courses can be fee-paying or salaried. 

### Fee-paying teacher training courses 

> A [fee-paying teacher training course](/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees) means you pay tuition fees for your training. Tuition fees are set by providers and cost £15,000 on average per year. 

Author: ```suggestion
A [fee-paying teacher training course](/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees) means you pay tuition fees for your training. Tuition fees are set by providers and cost $fees_pgitt_internationalaverage$ on average per year. 
```

You may be able to get financial support for fee-paying courses, depending on your immigration status and the subject you train to teach.  

> If you want to train to teach languages or physics, you could be [eligible for a bursary or scholarship](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries) worth up to £31,000. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to train to teach languages or physics, you could be [eligible for a bursary or scholarship](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries) worth up to $scholarships_nonuk_max$. 
```

<details id="details-non-uk-citizens-check-your-qualifications" class="expander-details expander-details__background-purple">
  <summary class="expander-details__summary">
    <div role="text">
        <span class="expander-details__summary__header">
          Refugees and asylum seekers:
        </span>
      <span class="expander-details__summary__title">
        funding support
      </span>
</div>
    <div class="expander-details__summary__show" aria-hidden="true">
      <span class="expander-details__summary__icon expander-details__summary__icon__open" aria-hidden="true"></span>
      <a class="link--underline" id="show-non-uk-citizens-check-your-qualifications" aria-hidden="true">Show</a>
    </div>
    <div class="expander-details__summary__hide" aria-hidden="true">
      <span class="expander-details__summary__icon expander-details__summary__icon__close" aria-hidden="true"></span>
      <a class="link--underline" id="hide-non-uk-citizens-check-your-qualifications" aria-hidden="true">Hide</a>
    </div>
  </summary>

  <div class="expander-details__text">
    <p>
      </p>

> <p>If you <a href="/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees/non-uk-teachers/non-uk-qualifications">have refugee status you'll ususally be eligible for financial support to help you train</a>.</p>

Author: ```suggestion
<p>If you <a href="/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees">have refugee status you'll ususally be eligible for financial support to help you train</a>.</p>
```

If you do not want to come to England to study, you can [gain international qualified teacher status (iQTS)](/non-uk-teachers/international-qualified-teacher-status) where you live or work, with no need to visit the UK. If you get iQTS, you automatically get QTS as well.  

If you are already a qualified teacher, find out how you can [teach in England if you completed your teacher training outside the UK](/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas).

## Fees and financial support

### Fee-paying teacher training courses 

A [fee-paying teacher training course](/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees) means you pay tuition fees for your training. Tuition fees are set by providers and cost $fees_pgitt_internationalaverage$ on average per year. 

You may be able to get financial support for fee-paying courses, depending on your immigration status and the subject you train to teach.  

If you want to train to teach languages or physics, you could be [eligible for a bursary or scholarship](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries) worth up to $scholarships_nonuk_max$. 

> If you are not training to teach these subjects, any financial support you get will depend on your [immigration status or the visa you are on](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees).  

Reviewer: The link text feels a little clunky when read in isolation (eg by screen reader users)

Could the link text just be `your immigration status or visa`?

Author: Agree this sounds better, but am sure Jane said it should be 'visa you are on' - though I can't find where she said this! Have changed it to include your in the link

> If you are not training to teach these subjects, any financial support you get will depend on your [immigration status or the visa you are on](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees).  

Author: ```suggestion
If you are not training to teach these subjects, any financial support you get will depend on [your immigration status or the visa you are on](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees).  
```
